This is pure optimization chapter. First webgpu is used to replace webgl in three.js. The only change is updated npm three.js version and vite config and import from three/webgpu instead of three.

The code at chapter 4 was becoming very hard to read due to the many cross references between classes. For example, Renderer references Scene and synchronizes Scene's game objects' transforms and meshes. This is largely because at first, I wanted a realistic game engine code and overlooked the complexities that's already addressed in three.js. So lots of codes are mitigating synchronizations between the parrallel realities of three and the code here. For example, scene needs to sync threeScene, renderer threeRenderer, and game objects, meshRenderer and Transform all needs to somehow sync three's object3D. I drew a function call graph by hand and eventually figured out what's happening and asked claude to refactor the code, with the principal that each custom class here should manage its own three counterpart, and that what's in object3D should be used directly with Transform and MeshRenderer and potentially many future components, with those being merely wrappers of functions object3D already exposes. The plan and the summary are in chapter4.1/REFACTORING_PLAN.md and chapter4.1/REFACTORING_COMPLETE.md 

In Summary, the engine is now completely managed by Engine class with Editor referencing it so it can control engine features plike play or stop and access engine's scene object to add game objects. The engine manages renderer and scene which each manages their own three counterparts and is each responsible for its own syncing operations. The engine's game loop will call scene's update and renderer's render, passing scene's threeScene as argument. When creating an game object, GameObject class constructor will create the three.Object3D and a transform component, and assign the three object to transform, who will manage transform related operations on the three object3d. Optionally when a mesh renderer component is added to game object, the component will, as any component, be able to reference the game object and therefore the object3d it owns. Then when adding geometry or material, the mesh renderer will automatically create a mesh object, which is a subclass of object3d, and add it as a child to the game object. Since no other class will use the mesh object, it will function solely as the mesh component of the parent object3d, which is what we want. 